Creative coding - adventures in wonderland

This talk is about creative coding, or the use of code as a tool to create beautiful interactive experiences. As a lot of developers are still unaware of what it is, this talk is for anyone willing to know more about this community and get started using code to explore their own creativity. 
The key takeaways of this talk include understanding better what creative coding is, learning about the different tools available and the possibilities, some code samples to show how to get started, some examples of personal projects, and advices and resources for anyone interested in going further and becoming a creative developer.
I would love to have the opportunity to give this talk as I started as a full stack developer and made my way into a creative developer role for the past few years. I have had the opportunity to work on a variety of creative projects in different companies in Sydney and London, and would love to share my experience and inspire more developers to experiment more with creative coding.
Regarding the value of this talks; as a junior developer, learning to code can be quite draining and discouraging. Creative coding can turn this experience into something more fun, while still teaching essential skills. 
Also, it is a growing and exciting community where developers use the latest technologies to experiment and push the boundaries. Even if developers decide that this is not something they want to pursue, being aware that it exists is always very valuable. 




BIO
Daisy is currently working as a front-end developer at Domain and, in her free time, explores the world of creative coding. 
She started her career as a "Fiver" at Google's Creative Lab where she was part of a team experimenting with technology and creative ideas. She has also spent last year working in London, as a creative developer for Stink Studios and Wonderbly. Most of all, she loves everything to do with design, creativity and all things interactive.


------------
Programming for hardware - break on through to the other side

This talk is about how the skills developers learn to build websites can be used for so much more; for example, to control robots with a keyboard, a phone, hand movements or even thoughts!
This talk is aimed at anyone curious to know what else can be done with web technologies, outside of the browser!
The key takeaways of this talk include: the difference and similarities between programming for hardware and for the web, examples of tools available, code samples to understand how to get started, live demos of projects to control robots using motion control, as well as resources to learn more.

I can talk about this topic because I have myself started as a web developer learning Ruby and JavaScript and quickly developed an interest in the Internet of Things and programming for hardware using JavaScript. I have built a few prototypes that I would like to share with developers to motivate more people to explore that space.

The main value of this talk is to give junior developers the opportunity to learn more about what they can do with their current skillset.
The technology industry is moving very fast and being aware of what is possible is very valuable. I also know that experimenting for hardware can seem a little scary and out of reach and I would love to have the chance to prove that some tools make it very accessible for anybody to try. 